hacer is:
Providing an extensible custom layout for h.acfun.tv using javascript(with inline CSS).

About the files(sequence by files suffix):
beauty.user.js		-functional main js file
hacer.meta.js		-metablock of beauty.user.js, need get update every version release
frameday.css		-default betterquote CSS @iframes
framenight.css		-betterquote CSS under night vision
hbox.css		-all around styles for hbox(the customed image popup viewer)
night.css		-night vision of hacer
LICENSE-ISC		-hacer is licensed under ISC
README			-this file
tools/*			-some howto texts & necessary related tools
gm_config/		-contain a derivative work from GMconfig, all files within _licensed under LGPLv3_
gm_config/easycfg.js	-as the filename says, aim to be easycfg then use.
gm_config/COPYING	-LGPLv3 license


FAQ:
How is the developing method?
0) Install hacer(the non-dev version) if you don't have one.
1) Copy content of branch devvel(means hitting hard something/someone)
2) Bum what you like to hack. Notice that all (necessary) files in devvel branch is linking with each other.

How is the developing versioning?
Append your unique alphabets(or world) to master branch version.

Why not using multi-line CSS in the main js file?
I think it's more user friendly to all,
with standalone CSS file & merge into main js benefits:
1) Missing tailling character won't break all js file at once.
2) It's better for ajust CSS codes.
3) You won't handle with 1000+ dyanmic js code.

Why beauty?
That's what it designed to be, both the target & codes.
P.S. Codes ought to get pass jsLint(sloppy for now), or the failed parts cannot help getting fixed.

Why there is night.css but not day.css?
I think it's ok for the default looking of the result which generated by `hacer'.
In fact, there is varible named altCSS in main js which original called dayCSS 
working as alternative CSS against the night vision.
You can ajust altCSS via the SETTING and if you think it's necessary for all to
enjoy the beauty you created, pull the request.

